Tutte Polynomial Generator (v0.9.5)
===================================

This is an early release of a program for computing tutte polynomials
for undirected graphs.  As such, this version has had relatively
little testing done on it and should be considered EXTREMELY
EXPERIMENTAL.  There are almost certainly outstanding bugs in the code
remaining to be fixed.  As such, this software is provided as is, and
the the authors and their respective insititutions accept no
responsibility for any problem arising from the use of this software.

We would appreciated any bug reports you have and/or suggestions on
improving the code.  We'd also be very interested in hearing about
anyone interested in using the code for research (or other) purposes.
In parituclar, whether or not the current version is fast enough to
process the input graphs under examination.

If you wish to be notified of updates to this software, please let us
know.

Thanks!

David J. Pearce
Gary Haggard

Installation Instructions 
=========================

At the moment, the compiling procedure is pretty "rough and ready".
Ideally, you should just be able to type "make" from the root
directory and it will build an executable called "tutte" in the src/
directory.  If this fails, you'll need to modify the makefiles as
necessary and/or contact us for help with your particular system.

The system has been sucessfully compiled on the following platforms:

1) NetBSD + Linux with GCC 4.1.2
2) Windows (under Cygwin) with GCC 4.1.?

License
=======

The majority of files are currently under the following simple and quite
unrestrictive license:

 "(C) Copyright David James Pearce and Gary Haggard, 2007. 
  Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this software 
  is granted provided this copyright notice appears in all copies. 
  This software is provided "as is" without express or implied 
  warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for any purpose.

  Email: david.pearce@mcs.vuw.ac.nz"

This license may not be removed from any of the files in question.

This software makes use of Brendan McKay's excellent "Nauty" program
for determining (amongst other things) whether two graphs are
isomorphic or not.  You can find more information about this program
here: http://cs.anu.edu.au/~bdm/nauty

All files from the Nauty program are located in the nauty/
subdirectory.  The following license applies to all files in the
nauty/ directory (see nauty.h for more details): 

  "Copyright (1984-2004) Brendan McKay.  All rights reserved.  Permission   
   is hereby given for use and/or distribution with the exception of        
   sale for profit or application with nontrivial military significance.    
   You must not remove this copyright notice, and you must document any     
   changes that you make to this program.                                   
   This software is subject to this copyright only, irrespective of         
   any copyright attached to any package of which this is a part.           
                                                                            
   This program is only provided "as is".  No responsibility will be taken  
   by the author, his employer or his pet rabbit for any misfortune which  
   befalls you because of its use.  I don't think it will delete all your   
   files, burn down your computer room or turn your children against you,   
   but if it does: stiff cheddar.  On the other hand, I very much welcome   
   bug reports, or at least I would if there were any bugs.                 
                                                        RIP, 1989          
                                                                            
   If you wish to acknowledge use of this program in published articles,    
   please do so by citing the User's Guide:                                 
                                                                            
     B. D. McKay, nauty User's Guide (Version 1.5), Technical Report        
         TR-CS-90-02, Australian National University, Department of         
         Computer Science, 1990."      